Radiobutton design fix (#2039)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/soft-ligers-run.md

---
"@salt-ds/core": patch
---

> Fixed control size in RadioButton to match the shown icon size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed control size in Radio Button to match the shown icon size.
```
